docs: Update CONTRIBUTING.md for PR titles (#1065)
canonical/rockcraft: CONTRIBUTING.md

Finally, [open a PR](https://github.com/canonical/rockcraft/compare) for it on GitHub.
If your branch has one commit, GitHub will title the PR after it. If your branch has
more than one commit, name the PR after the most significant. Please ensure the title

> of the PR follows the Conventional Commits style. Once open, reviewers are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more than one commit, name the PR after the most significant and ensure it
follows the Conventional Commits style. Once open, reviewers are
```
Potential rewording. Feel free to take it or leave it, @asanvaq.
